Update index.mdx - public_addr note for HCP workers (#5287)
hashicorp/boundary: website/content/docs/configuration/worker/index.mdx

  useful for cloud environments that do not bind a publicly accessible IP to a
  NIC on the host directly, such as an Amazon EIP.

>   This parameter is omitted in multi-hop configuration if this worker connects to an upstream HCP Boundary worker.

Reviewer: this looks good, I'm tweaking it to remove passive voice per our style guide 

```suggestion
  You should omit this parameter in multi-hop configurations if this worker connects to an upstream HCP Boundary worker.
```
